c:\users\yaroslav\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AccountManager\AccountManager\obj\Debug\AccountManager.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\yaroslav\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AccountManager\AccountManager\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\yaroslav\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AccountManager\AccountManager\obj\Debug\UIL\Home.baml
c:\users\yaroslav\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AccountManager\AccountManager\obj\Debug\App.baml
c:\users\yaroslav\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AccountManager\AccountManager\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\yaroslav\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AccountManager\AccountManager\obj\Debug\UIL\Home.g.cs
c:\users\yaroslav\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AccountManager\AccountManager\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\yaroslav\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AccountManager\AccountManager\obj\Debug\AccountManager_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\yaroslav\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AccountManager\AccountManager\obj\Debug\AccountManager.g.resources
c:\users\yaroslav\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AccountManager\AccountManager\bin\Debug\AccountManager.exe.config
c:\users\yaroslav\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AccountManager\AccountManager\bin\Debug\AccountManager.exe
c:\users\yaroslav\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AccountManager\AccountManager\bin\Debug\AccountManager.pdb
c:\users\yaroslav\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AccountManager\AccountManager\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\yaroslav\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AccountManager\AccountManager\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\yaroslav\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AccountManager\AccountManager\bin\Debug\FirstFloor.ModernUI.dll
c:\users\yaroslav\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AccountManager\AccountManager\bin\Debug\Xceed.Wpf.AvalonDock.dll
c:\users\yaroslav\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AccountManager\AccountManager\bin\Debug\Xceed.Wpf.AvalonDock.Themes.Aero.dll
c:\users\yaroslav\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AccountManager\AccountManager\bin\Debug\Xceed.Wpf.AvalonDock.Themes.Metro.dll
c:\users\yaroslav\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AccountManager\AccountManager\bin\Debug\Xceed.Wpf.AvalonDock.Themes.VS2010.dll
c:\users\yaroslav\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AccountManager\AccountManager\bin\Debug\Xceed.Wpf.DataGrid.dll
c:\users\yaroslav\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AccountManager\AccountManager\bin\Debug\Xceed.Wpf.Toolkit.dll
c:\users\yaroslav\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AccountManager\AccountManager\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\yaroslav\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AccountManager\AccountManager\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\users\yaroslav\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AccountManager\AccountManager\bin\Debug\FirstFloor.ModernUI.xml
c:\users\yaroslav\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AccountManager\AccountManager\bin\Debug\de\Xceed.Wpf.AvalonDock.resources.dll
c:\users\yaroslav\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AccountManager\AccountManager\bin\Debug\es\Xceed.Wpf.AvalonDock.resources.dll
c:\users\yaroslav\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AccountManager\AccountManager\bin\Debug\fr\Xceed.Wpf.AvalonDock.resources.dll
c:\users\yaroslav\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AccountManager\AccountManager\bin\Debug\hu\Xceed.Wpf.AvalonDock.resources.dll
c:\users\yaroslav\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AccountManager\AccountManager\bin\Debug\it\Xceed.Wpf.AvalonDock.resources.dll
c:\users\yaroslav\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AccountManager\AccountManager\bin\Debug\pt-BR\Xceed.Wpf.AvalonDock.resources.dll
c:\users\yaroslav\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AccountManager\AccountManager\bin\Debug\ro\Xceed.Wpf.AvalonDock.resources.dll
c:\users\yaroslav\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AccountManager\AccountManager\bin\Debug\ru\Xceed.Wpf.AvalonDock.resources.dll
c:\users\yaroslav\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AccountManager\AccountManager\bin\Debug\sv\Xceed.Wpf.AvalonDock.resources.dll
c:\users\yaroslav\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AccountManager\AccountManager\bin\Debug\zh-Hans\Xceed.Wpf.AvalonDock.resources.dll
c:\users\yaroslav\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AccountManager\AccountManager\obj\Debug\AccountManager.exe
c:\users\yaroslav\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AccountManager\AccountManager\obj\Debug\AccountManager.pdb
c:\users\yaroslav\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AccountManager\AccountManager\bin\Debug\DAL\DATABASE\AccountManagerDB.mdf
c:\users\yaroslav\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AccountManager\AccountManager\bin\Debug\DAL\DATABASE\AccountManagerDB_log.ldf
c:\users\yaroslav\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AccountManager\AccountManager\obj\Debug\AccountManager_Content.g.cs
c:\users\yaroslav\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AccountManager\AccountManager\obj\Debug\UIL\AccountList.baml
c:\users\yaroslav\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AccountManager\AccountManager\obj\Debug\UIL\AccountList.g.cs
c:\users\yaroslav\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AccountManager\AccountManager\obj\Debug\UIL\Authorization.baml
c:\users\yaroslav\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AccountManager\AccountManager\obj\Debug\UIL\Authorization.g.cs
c:\users\yaroslav\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AccountManager\AccountManager\obj\Debug\UIL\Registration.baml
c:\users\yaroslav\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AccountManager\AccountManager\obj\Debug\UIL\Registration.g.cs
c:\users\yaroslav\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AccountManager\AccountManager\obj\Debug\UIL\AddAccount.baml
c:\users\yaroslav\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AccountManager\AccountManager\obj\Debug\UIL\AddAccount.g.cs
c:\users\yaroslav\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AccountManager\AccountManager\obj\Debug\UIL\CategoryList.baml
c:\users\yaroslav\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AccountManager\AccountManager\obj\Debug\UIL\CategoryList.g.cs
c:\users\yaroslav\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AccountManager\AccountManager\obj\Debug\GeneratedInternalTypeHelper.g.cs
c:\users\yaroslav\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AccountManager\AccountManager\obj\Debug\AccountManager_MarkupCompile.lref
C:\Users\Yaroslav\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\AccountManager\AccountManager\obj\Debug\UIL\Analitycs.baml
C:\Users\Yaroslav\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\AccountManager\AccountManager\obj\Debug\UIL\Analitycs.g.cs
